# Welcome to Zach's Work Sample Page

Hello Recruiters and Hiring Managers,

Have you ever wanted to find the best of both worlds? 

I am a Mechanical Engineering Bachelor of Science Student with three years of industrial maintenance technician experience with Toyota Motor Manufacturing North America. During those years, I completed an Advanced Manufacturing Technology (AMT) program and worked full-time until I started the ABET accredited Mechanical Engineering Program at Marshall University. During those years, I worked in both an engine and transmission unit manufacturing plant. Towards the end of my experience, I worked in the heat treatment department at Toyota which supported the machines that carburized gears and that area included several other manufacturing processes to assemble transmission components. I have experience working with ultrasonic testing equipment, lathes, laser cutters, robots, carburizing furnaces, electron beam welders, precision grinders, and various CNC milling equipment. My most recent experience was working in the steel mill industry as an engineering co-op. As a student, I was sent to various Toyota plants to install predictive maintenance equipment. I am looking for the opportunity to work in the shop and in the office to support business operations becasue I have a passion for working on hands-on electrical, mechanical, and robotics projects. 

In nearly three short years, I have completed continuous improvement activities that paid for one year of my pay. I planned the implementation of wireless predictive maintenance technology and presented presentations to corporate level managers on how well the system serves its purpose during an annual visit. Currently, I am the President of the ASME-SAE club where I intend on leading a group of students to building a successful 4WD Baja Buggy or Formula Electric Race Car for competitions. I have several years of robotics 3D modeling experience with Autodesk Inventor. I’ve completed college level course work using Microsoft Programs such as Excel and mathematical modeling such as MatLAB. By the summer, I will have completed Dynamics, Physics II, Calculus III, Thermodynamics, and Mechanics of Materials courses. While being an engineering student, I have applied skills learned in the classroom with on the job training. Not only have I been successful in my school endeavors, I continue to apply the principles that I have learned in the classroom to everyday life on the farm. 

With the type of technical experience that I gained early on in my industrial maintenance career with Toyota, I know I would be an asset to your shop or engineering department. If you are looking for an experienced engineering co-op candidate, please do not hesitate to contact me through my email at preston68@live.marshall.edu or at my mobile phone number at (304)-634-3858.

Sincerely, 
Zach Preston 
